welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the G 500 s from Logitech now I've
checked out the G 400 s and the G 100 s
and quite frankly this is the one that
I'm genuinely excited about because
there's some Logitech features that I
really felt we're missing from the other
ones that I guess you just got to kind
of you got to pay to play and if you
wanted to get access to them you had to
go for the premium G 500s so let's take
a look at the overall specs really quick
so it does everywhere from 200 to 8200
dpi this is a laser mouse and it is
serious business about the DPI is I mean
I don't think you'll ever really use
8200 dpi but if you wanted to this mouse
is capable of actually getting a useful
input if it's traveling at 4 meters per
second which if you think of it in terms
of like if you're a low sensitivity
gamer and you were going 4 meters per
second to do like a turn you'd have to
basically go like wow you'd have to like
jump and spin in order to actually trip
this Mouse out and have it not work so
there you go up to a thousand reports
per second which is the maximum USB is
capable of max acceleration of 30 GS
20 million clicks is what the buttons
are rated for and the feet are rated for
250 kilometers now I kind of mocked them
with the 250 kilometers in my g5 our G
400s unboxing and I was like well do
they mean on ashphalt or do they mean on
a piece of glass but it looks like
they've actually thought of that tested
on wood veneer desktop so they actually
tested it before they rated it for how
long it's actually going to go for so
there you go I thought I thought that
was interesting if nothing else so the
first Mouse I ever used with adjustable
weights was a Logitech mouse and I
really felt like that feature separates
it in terms of customized ability from
the other things on the market I mean
nowadays a lot of mice have adjustable
weights or like you know adjustable you
know wrist straps or whatever kinds of
adjustable things that go on but for me
personally I would rather find a mouse
that is truly sculpted in the shape that
I want and then I can tune the weight
because that's the thing that matters
most to me so they've gone with the sort
of classic Logitech weight system which
is a cartridge that loads in from the
back at the rear get it cartridge loads
on ok nevermind so there's a cartridge
that loads into here which is where we
found the the battery insert for the old
g7 which I still have one I'm kicking
around somewhere and then there's a
little eject button right there that
kicks it out
the naught of the slippy feed on the
bottom are at the front side and back
and let's go ahead and get these opened
up I'm going to need a minute for that
though so the most is lightweight
without feeling cheap and it really
doesn't it feels very solidly built
however you can add up to whatever nine
times three you can add up to 27 grams
to the mouse which will put it at the
heavier end of of mice and then what you
can also do is you can adjust where you
want the weight so if you put more of
the weight towards the front you'll have
a bit more of a front heavy Mouse what I
would probably do personally is I'd load
more of the weight towards the back so
that I can more easily move this way
which is the way that I tend to use my
mouse even though it's sort of bad for
your wrist and you don't really supposed
to do that so a lot of Tech's whole
thing with the new G series is their
science wins branding where they're
talking about the advanced materials
that they're using on the mouse now the
difference between the G 500s and the G
400s
aside from the fact that this is using a
gaming grade laser sensor as opposed to
the optical sensor the G 400 is that the
grippy sides feel more rugged and they
feel more robust on the G 500s like I
actually don't think I can scratch any
of this off even if I go straight at it
with a fingernail this was the one
complaint I had about the g9 which was
otherwise my second favorite Mouse ever
because it's awesome was that like the
anti-slip coating just came off about a
year into owning it and I really just I
don't feel like this would happen with
this but it's impossible to say without
waiting a little bit a little bit longer
so other Logitech features that I feel
very strongly about this guy right here
the unlocked scroll wheel love to see
that implemented it's things like back
and forward buttons unlock scroll wheel
outstanding precision that really set
apart from another one so all you have
to do see that so you can probably you
can hear there's actual clicks to the
mouse wheel now you go ahead and press
this and it disengages the gear and it
spins freely so it's great for scrolling
through long documents I actually used
my g9 at work almost exclusively because
of that because I was often in long
Excel documents but the problem with the
g9 is the bat was on the bottom which is
not as good as having the button right
here where you can decide what mode do I
want to be in and you can change it on
the fly you've also got dpi changing
buttons here back forward as well as
another programmable button here on the
side looks like yep we've got dpi
indications here so that has one two
three settings and you can program all
of that in the Logitech software I just
want to see if there's anything that I
forgot that I wanted to say I don't know
if I mentioned the three year warranty
already but there you go and I think
that's pretty much it
oh yeah you can reprogram all the
buttons if you want and unlike the G
100's and the G 400s the cable is
braided so it's got that premium braided
look and it is less susceptible to
damage from caps I've actually had
cables saved from cats vibrating so
there you go it's a thing don't forget
to subscribe plan its act extra boxing's
reviews and other computer videos